README.md, before:

# Awesome Bluesky

[Bluesky](https://github.com/bluesky-social/) is a decentralized microblogging platform powered by the [AT Protocol](https://atproto.com/).
This protocol enables the creation of powerful third party tools, enlisted here for easy reference.

## Alternative Clients
 - [deck.blue](https://deck.blue/) - Web client with column view
 - [Graysky](https://graysky.app/) - Mobile client for both Android and iOS
 - [Skeetdeck](https://skeetdeck.pages.dev/) - Web client inspired by TweetDeck
 - [Skeets](https://www.skeetsapp.com/) - Client for iOS / iPadOS / macOS
 - [SkyBridge](https://skybridge.fly.dev/) - Proxy to use Bluesky with Mastodon clients
 - [Tabtter](https://tabtter.jp/) - Decentralized SNS client supporting Bluesky, Mastodon, and Misskey
 - [TOKIMEKI](https://tokimekibluesky.vercel.app/) - Web client

## Bridges
 - [Bridgy Fed](https://fed.brid.gy) - Connects ATProto identities to ActivityPub (Mastodon, …) and ActivityPub actors to ATProto (Bluesky)

## Charts, graphs, and stats
 - [Altometer](https://altometer.atdev.pro/) - Tracks the number of image posts missing alt text
 - [Atlas](https://bsky.jazco.dev/) - Aggregate stats for all posts
 - [bsky charts](https://bskycharts.edavis.dev/edavis.dev/bskycharts.edavis.dev/index.html) - Charts of Bluesky network activity
 - [Bluesky Stats](https://blue.mackuba.eu/stats/) - Bluesky activity stats
 - [Blueview](https://blueview.app/) - Insights and analytics plus support for creating posts
 - [Handle Directory](https://blue.mackuba.eu/directory/) - Bluesky handles directory (TLDs, PDSes, Fediverse)
 - [Skircle](https://skircle.me/) - Generate social circle images
 - [Wolfgang](https://wolfgang.raios.xyz/) - Interactions, social circles, blocks

## Events
 - [Smoke Signal](https://smokesignal.events/) - Event and RSVP management

## Feeds
 - [Bluestream](https://bluestream.deno.dev/) - RSS feed generator
 - [SkyFeed](https://skyfeed.app) - Alternative web client with a powerful custom feed builder
 - [Bluesky Feed Creator](https://blueskyfeedcreator.com/) - Quickly design and customize your Bluesky feeds, no coding knowledge required

## Identity
 - [DID PLC Directory](https://web.plc.directory/) - did:plc resolver with API
 - [did:plc Tracker](https://plc-handle-tracker.kpherox.dev/) - did:plc & atproto handle tracker
 - [internect.info](https://internect.info/) - Resolve a Bluesky handle
 - [SkyTools](https://skytools.anon5r.com/) - User handle history and DID look up tool
 - [Universal Resolver](https://dev.uniresolver.io/) - Resolves all kinds of `did` identities under the sun (64 and counting)

## Migration
- [sky-follower-bridge](https://github.com/kawamataryo/sky-follower-bridge) - Migrate X Followers/Following to Bsky
- [twitter-to-bsky](https://github.com/ianklatzco/twitter-to-bsky) - Twitter to Bsky migration scripts
- [BlueArk](https://blueark.app/) - Migrate post and reply history from X to Bsky
- [atprototools](https://github.com/ianklatzco/atprototools)_- Low level library to copy/create posts via Bsky API

## Moderation
 - [A Block-Them-All Tool for Bluesky](https://a-block-them-all-tool-for-bluesky-6040df.gitlab.io/) - Blocks all of the followers of the specified user
 - [Blockenheimer](https://blockenheimer.click/) - Quickly block or mute users who have liked or reposted any given post
 - [Label Scanner](https://blue.mackuba.eu/scanner/) - Shows what labels are applied on an account
 - [Labeler Scraping](https://github.com/mary-ext/bluesky-labeler-scraping) - Indexes Bluesky labelers

## Posts
 - [posteing](https://posteing.pages.dev/) - Thread composer to send multiple posts at once
 - [Profile Cleaner](https://bsky.jazco.dev/cleanup) - A tool to clean up old posts, likes, and reposts
 - [Skeet Discord Bot](https://github.com/malooski/skeet-discord-bot) - Posts your bluesky skeets to Discord
 - [skeetgen](https://codeberg.org/mary-ext/skeetgen) - Generate an easily viewable archive of your Bluesky posts
 - [SkySweeper](https://skysweeper.p8.lu/) - Automatically delete old posts

## Profile
 - [bannerizer](https://bannerizer.glitch.me/) - Easily crop or resize an image to fit Bluesky's banner size requirements
 - [cleanfollow](https://cleanfollow-bsky.pages.dev/) - Unfollow blocked, deleted, deactivated and suspended accounts
 - [Gentle Unfollow](https://b.cam.fyi/unfollow) - Clean up your bluesky feed until it sparks joy
 - [List Copier](https://unfollow.cam.fyi/lists) - Make a new list from an existing one
 - [Quiet posters](https://mary-ext.codeberg.page/bluesky-quiet-posters/) - View your least active bluesky follows

## Resources
 - [Bluesky and the AT Protocol: Usable Decentralized Social Media](https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.03239) - A high level architectural overview of the Bluesky platform and AT Protocol
 - [Bluesky, and what Bluesky is not.](https://whtwnd.com/alexia.bsky.cyrneko.eu/3l727v7zlis2i) - An overview of Bluesky and the AT Protocol targeted at ActivityPub developers

## Selfhosting
 - [jetstream](https://github.com/ericvolp12/jetstream) - A simplified JSON event stream for AT Proto
 - [PDS](https://github.com/bluesky-social/pds) - Container image and documentation to selfhost your own Personal Data Server

## Viewers
 - [atproto-browser](https://atproto-browser.vercel.app) - Browse AT URIs
 - [cbsky.app](https://github.com/goeo-/cbsky.app) - Replace "bsky" in URLs with "cbsky" to embed posts in Discord, Telegram, etc
 - [Firesky](https://firesky.tv/) - Live Bluesky firehose
 - [PDSls](https://pdsls.dev/) - Browse AtProto repositories
 - [Skythread](https://blue.mackuba.eu/skythread/) - Thread viewer
 - [Skyview](https://skyview.social/) - View and share BlueSky threads without needing a BlueSky account

Commit message:

Adding the Croissant app for cross-posting

README.md, after:

# Awesome Bluesky

[Bluesky](https://github.com/bluesky-social/) is a decentralized microblogging platform powered by the [AT Protocol](https://atproto.com/).
This protocol enables the creation of powerful third party tools, enlisted here for easy reference.

## Alternative Clients
 - [deck.blue](https://deck.blue/) - Web client with column view
 - [Graysky](https://graysky.app/) - Mobile client for both Android and iOS
 - [Skeetdeck](https://skeetdeck.pages.dev/) - Web client inspired by TweetDeck
 - [Skeets](https://www.skeetsapp.com/) - Client for iOS / iPadOS / macOS
 - [SkyBridge](https://skybridge.fly.dev/) - Proxy to use Bluesky with Mastodon clients
 - [Tabtter](https://tabtter.jp/) - Decentralized SNS client supporting Bluesky, Mastodon, and Misskey
 - [TOKIMEKI](https://tokimekibluesky.vercel.app/) - Web client

## Bridges
 - [Bridgy Fed](https://fed.brid.gy) - Connects ATProto identities to ActivityPub (Mastodon, …) and ActivityPub actors to ATProto (Bluesky)

## Charts, graphs, and stats
 - [Altometer](https://altometer.atdev.pro/) - Tracks the number of image posts missing alt text
 - [Atlas](https://bsky.jazco.dev/) - Aggregate stats for all posts
 - [bsky charts](https://bskycharts.edavis.dev/edavis.dev/bskycharts.edavis.dev/index.html) - Charts of Bluesky network activity
 - [Bluesky Stats](https://blue.mackuba.eu/stats/) - Bluesky activity stats
 - [Blueview](https://blueview.app/) - Insights and analytics plus support for creating posts
 - [Handle Directory](https://blue.mackuba.eu/directory/) - Bluesky handles directory (TLDs, PDSes, Fediverse)
 - [Skircle](https://skircle.me/) - Generate social circle images
 - [Wolfgang](https://wolfgang.raios.xyz/) - Interactions, social circles, blocks

## Events
 - [Smoke Signal](https://smokesignal.events/) - Event and RSVP management

## Feeds
 - [Bluestream](https://bluestream.deno.dev/) - RSS feed generator
 - [SkyFeed](https://skyfeed.app) - Alternative web client with a powerful custom feed builder
 - [Bluesky Feed Creator](https://blueskyfeedcreator.com/) - Quickly design and customize your Bluesky feeds, no coding knowledge required

## Identity
 - [DID PLC Directory](https://web.plc.directory/) - did:plc resolver with API
 - [did:plc Tracker](https://plc-handle-tracker.kpherox.dev/) - did:plc & atproto handle tracker
 - [internect.info](https://internect.info/) - Resolve a Bluesky handle
 - [SkyTools](https://skytools.anon5r.com/) - User handle history and DID look up tool
 - [Universal Resolver](https://dev.uniresolver.io/) - Resolves all kinds of `did` identities under the sun (64 and counting)

## Migration
- [sky-follower-bridge](https://github.com/kawamataryo/sky-follower-bridge) - Migrate X Followers/Following to Bsky
- [twitter-to-bsky](https://github.com/ianklatzco/twitter-to-bsky) - Twitter to Bsky migration scripts
- [BlueArk](https://blueark.app/) - Migrate post and reply history from X to Bsky
- [atprototools](https://github.com/ianklatzco/atprototools)_- Low level library to copy/create posts via Bsky API

## Moderation
 - [A Block-Them-All Tool for Bluesky](https://a-block-them-all-tool-for-bluesky-6040df.gitlab.io/) - Blocks all of the followers of the specified user
 - [Blockenheimer](https://blockenheimer.click/) - Quickly block or mute users who have liked or reposted any given post
 - [Label Scanner](https://blue.mackuba.eu/scanner/) - Shows what labels are applied on an account
 - [Labeler Scraping](https://github.com/mary-ext/bluesky-labeler-scraping) - Indexes Bluesky labelers

## Posts
 - [posteing](https://posteing.pages.dev/) - Thread composer to send multiple posts at once
 - [Profile Cleaner](https://bsky.jazco.dev/cleanup) - A tool to clean up old posts, likes, and reposts
 - [Skeet Discord Bot](https://github.com/malooski/skeet-discord-bot) - Posts your bluesky skeets to Discord
 - [skeetgen](https://codeberg.org/mary-ext/skeetgen) - Generate an easily viewable archive of your Bluesky posts
 - [SkySweeper](https://skysweeper.p8.lu/) - Automatically delete old posts
 - [Croissant](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/croissant-cross-posting/id6670288979) - Cross-post to Bluesky, Threads and Mastodon - iOS

## Profile
 - [bannerizer](https://bannerizer.glitch.me/) - Easily crop or resize an image to fit Bluesky's banner size requirements
 - [cleanfollow](https://cleanfollow-bsky.pages.dev/) - Unfollow blocked, deleted, deactivated and suspended accounts
 - [Gentle Unfollow](https://b.cam.fyi/unfollow) - Clean up your bluesky feed until it sparks joy
 - [List Copier](https://unfollow.cam.fyi/lists) - Make a new list from an existing one
 - [Quiet posters](https://mary-ext.codeberg.page/bluesky-quiet-posters/) - View your least active bluesky follows

## Resources
 - [Bluesky and the AT Protocol: Usable Decentralized Social Media](https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.03239) - A high level architectural overview of the Bluesky platform and AT Protocol
 - [Bluesky, and what Bluesky is not.](https://whtwnd.com/alexia.bsky.cyrneko.eu/3l727v7zlis2i) - An overview of Bluesky and the AT Protocol targeted at ActivityPub developers

## Selfhosting
 - [jetstream](https://github.com/ericvolp12/jetstream) - A simplified JSON event stream for AT Proto
 - [PDS](https://github.com/bluesky-social/pds) - Container image and documentation to selfhost your own Personal Data Server

## Viewers
 - [atproto-browser](https://atproto-browser.vercel.app) - Browse AT URIs
 - [cbsky.app](https://github.com/goeo-/cbsky.app) - Replace "bsky" in URLs with "cbsky" to embed posts in Discord, Telegram, etc
 - [Firesky](https://firesky.tv/) - Live Bluesky firehose
 - [PDSls](https://pdsls.dev/) - Browse AtProto repositories
 - [Skythread](https://blue.mackuba.eu/skythread/) - Thread viewer
 - [Skyview](https://skyview.social/) - View and share BlueSky threads without needing a BlueSky account
